Why don't you go back?
You don't have to say a word to accompany me
Then I'll come and pick you up after the meeting with Mr. Lu.
Hey Li Xue, hurry up
Can bring
All brought up
Come come come
Did I see the girl?
Go buy all that stuff
This is real gold and real diamonds.
Yo, you've been reduced to this point now
Can you not affect my business?
You caused me to be banished to the bottom by Mr. Lu to do chores
I haven't calculated the account for you yet.
Isn't Mr. Lu your backer?
How can I support him?
It's not that guy
It was voluntary.
Take out the trash
Isn't Mr. Mu going to hold a meeting?
You are not the president of Lu's at all
You still want me to help you?
How about now?
What do you want me to do?
Come with me.
Can you help me now?